Update readmes to match common design (Symbology category) 2/2 (#492)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: symbology/symbolize-shapefile/README.md

# Symbolize shapefile

Display a shapefile with custom symbology.

![Image of symbolize shapefile](SymbolizeShapefile.png)

## Use case

Feature layers created from shapefiles do not possess any rendering information, and will be assigned with a default symbology. You can apply custom styling to ensure that the content is visible and usable in the context of a specific map. For example, you could use this to visually differentiate between features originating from two different shapefiles, by applying a blue color to one, and a red color to the other.

## How to use the sample

> Pan and zoom around the map to view the symbology renderer set to the feature layer created from the shapefile. 

Reviewer: mixing in some of the original description for how Java implements their sample
```suggestion
Press the toggle button to switch between the red and yellow symbology renderer and the default renderer, set to the feature layer created from the shapefile. 
```
